feat: add 108th catchup summary (#120)
OurTechCommunity/catchup: summary/sessions/108/content.adoc

Date: 03-12-2022

Duration: 3 hrs 12 mins

==== Topics Discussed

> * We helped Atharva Jadhav with how he can start with backend development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We helped Atharva Jadhav in figuring out how to begin backend development.
```

    ** We suggested him to either start with Flask or Express as a beginner.
    ** We asked him to learn through YouTube instead of a course as it is free and he might learn something new while looking it up on YouTube instead of following a course.

>     ** link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] suggested him https://www.youtube.com/@TraversyMedia[Traversy Media^], https://www.youtube.com/@WebDevSimplified[Web Dev Simplified^] and https://www.youtube.com/@developedbyed[developedbyed^] channels

Reviewer: `link:` missing

```suggestion
    ** link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] suggested a few YouTube Channels —
        *** link:https://www.youtube.com/@TraversyMedia[Traversy Media^]
        *** https://www.youtube.com/@WebDevSimplified[Web Dev Simplified^]
        *** https://www.youtube.com/@developedbyed[developedbyed^] 
```

    ** Yash Pimple suggested https://www.youtube.com/@javascriptmastery[JavaScript Mastery] channel

> * We announced link:https://talks.ourtech.community[OTC Talks^], talks which will happen before catchup once or twice a month.

Author: I feel *or* is better than */*

>     ** You can submit your talk at link:https://catchup.ourtech.community/cfp[catchup.ourtech.community/cfp^]

Author: Shit thanks

* link:https://twitter.com/SirusTweets[Darshan Rander^], link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] and link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] talked about the difference between link:https://stackoverflow.com/questions/25991367/difference-between-throttling-and-debouncing-a-function[throttling and debouce].
    ** Throttling is when you intentionally delay a call.

>     ** Debouce will merge multiple calls into a single one following some rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ** Debouncing will defer the execution of some code after a certain amount of inactivity time.
```

Author: That's the implementation thing. Debouncing can also be don't actually call a function till a button is pressed n times

Reviewer 2: Debouncing is actually a term borrowed from electrical engineering.
https://www.techtarget.com/whatis/definition/debouncing
> Bouncing is the tendency of any two metal contacts in an electronic device to generate multiple signals as the contacts close or open; debouncing is any kind of hardware device or software that ensures that only a single signal will be acted upon for a single opening or closing of a contact.

* link:https://twitter.com/rishit_dagli[Rishit Dagli^] shared his https://github.com/Rishit-dagli/cs-theory-notes[CS theory notes].

> * link:https://twitter.com/PranavDani3[Pranav Dani^] shared about an link:https://www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/n3b9jc/jiofiber_blocked_access_to_rawgithubusercontentcom/[issue^] he is facing with JioFiber, that he couldn't make a request https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/PranavDani3[Pranav Dani^] shared about an link:https://www.reddit.com/r/india/comments/n3b9jc/jiofiber_blocked_access_to_rawgithubusercontentcom/[issue^] he is facing with JioFiber, that he couldn't make a request https://raw.githubusercontent.com domain.
```

    ** He fixed it by changing his DNS to 1.1.1.1

> * link:https://twitter.com/adityaoberai1[Aditya Oberai^] asked link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] to write a blog from his tweets about his projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/harshgkapadia[Harsh Kapadia^] asked link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] to write a blog from his tweets about his projects based on Web Animations.
```

    ** link:https://twitter.com/adityaoberai1[Aditya Oberai^] said that blogs and twitter are two totally different places as one caters to long form content and other short form.
    ** link:https://twitter.com/SirusTweets[Darshan Rander^] added that how basics things might look there is someone out there who might need help with it.
* link:https://twitter.com/adityaoberai1[Aditya Oberai^] explained why link:https://appwrite.io[Appwrite] has documentation to work with Docker. As it is easier to start with for begineers and Docker is also OCI compilant so if anyone else wants to use it somewhere else they can easily work with image as well.
* link:https://twitter.com/kaku_jay[Jay Kaku^] shared his experience at a CTF where they had a consistent rank of 8 in first two rounds and could make it to finals because of semester exams.
* We talked about the link:https://techgenix.com/warp-vs-vpn-online-security[difference between VPN and WARP].
    ** link:https://1.1.1.1/[WARP] finds a route to the destination server with lesser congestion.

==== Project showcase

> * link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] showcased two of his projects https://tusharnankani.github.io/patternistic[patternistic^] and https://tusharnankani.github.io/resonating-circles[resonating circles^]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* link:https://twitter.com/tusharnankanii[Tushar Nankani^] showcased two of his projects experimenting around web animations — 
    ** https://tusharnankani.github.io/patternistic[patternistic^]
    ** https://tusharnankani.github.io/resonating-circles[Resonating Circles^]
```
